One of the most important contemporary developments in post-structuralist and post-modern thought is the work of Jean-Francois Lyotard. And his book
 - The Post Modern Condition, crystallizes and essentializes some of the main themes in contemporary thought. And since Lyotard himself is still alive, 
it's sort of still developing. It's interesting to see what sort of take contemporary LIVING thinkers are taking, on the way in which post-modernity 
confronts the tradition of modern science, modern politics and modern ethics. Lyotard is what I would describe as an anti-essentialist and anti-
foundationalist thinker. He rejects the idea that there's some fundamental reality - which we can disclose by the use of some sort of de-mythologizing 
procedure. In this case, his views are somewhat similar to those of Barthe or Foucault. Or at least, post-moderns are united in what they DON'T like, 
as opposed to what they Do like. What they don't appove of as opposed to what they do approve of. And post-modernism endorses the idea that we can't 
have totalizing discourses anymore. We can't have one unified story which accounts for and legitimizes all our moral and political and scientific 
claims. Instead, what Lyotard does, (and this is one of the most interesting moves that he takes) - he has done a very close and thorough reading of 
Ludwig Wittgenstein, which is quite remarkable given the 'Sealed-Off' characteristic of twentieth century continental philosophy. There are only a 
few that have made the tremendous effort to try and accomodate the Anglo-American tradition, of (first of all) scientific realism, but second of all 
- the sort of alternative to that when positivism breaks down. So what Lyotard does, is take certain Wittgensteinian ideas - specifically the idea of 
the language game.  And uses that as his paradigm for knowledge, and he uses that because it is the key of his idea for little narratives as opposed 
to grand narratives. The goal of his thinking, of his undermining and sabotaging of the modernist tradition of totalizing meta-discourses, is----the 
liberation of human beings, particularly the construction of a politics that will respect (as he puts it) the desire for Justice, and the desire for 
the unknown. Certain things to emphasize there, first of all the word DESIRE. So our goal is to satisfy certain sorts of desires, some desires rather 
than others. In particular our desire for Justice. Although, Lyotard very carefully refrains from telling us exactly what "Justice" is. We just know 
that our politics is directed towards achieving that goal, whatever it turns out to be. And the second thing that's involved in that is a respect for 
our desire for the unknown. And here, the relation between post-modernity and the tradition of Romanticism in the West, the love of mystery, the 
uncertainty, powerful sentiment, powerful emotion; one might be tempted to say that twentieth century culture . . . and certainly post modern / 
post WWII culture - is Romanticism revisited? Romanticism squared? We emphasize heroic individuals performing their own indeterminate tasks with 
powerful internal activities. And with an enormous amount of unrestrained narcissism. So, for all these reasons I would be inclined to say that 
post-modernity is nothing new oddly enough. In fact what it is, is a rehearsal, a reconstruction and a refurbishment of certain ideas characteristic 
of the criticism of the Enlightenment. Which is being used in the same way in which the Romantics criticised the Enlightenment, in order to 
criticise the contemporary status of politics, science and ethics. So, I'd be inclined to say that post-moderns relate to moderns, in the way the 
Romantics related to the Greek scientific figures of the Enlightenment. And that's why they're perpetually in opposition, and that's why they're 
perpetually discontented. There was a time long ago when indignation was an emotion, now it's a job. It turns out then, that what this is, what this 
generates is a certain philosophy of resistance, a philosophy of negation. And the advantage of this, is that it allows him to inquire into, to 
interrogate the facts of the world. The Status Quo. The world as it is. And to recreate that world on the basis of this small narrative interrogation. 
Also, take note of the use of the word INTERROGATION in post-modern discourse, it crops up all the time, and it is hardly an unbiased turn of phrase. 
We interrogate criminals. We interrogate those suspected of doing some sort of evil. Post-Modernism is not a coherently logical system, it's a sort 
of organised set of emotions. It is Systematic Distrust. Organised Scepticism. Systematic Suspicion. And what does it suspect? It suspects all those 
sites of power in the modern world. It distrusts science, it distrusts politics, it distrusts ethics. It distrusts everything except itself. Right? 
Which again would link it up to that romantic naivete of objecting to everything except romanticism. Alright? So there is a little cul de sac always 
pulled out from this domain of critical enquiry where post moderns can rest among each other, and don't end up criticising or enquiring too hard, or 
interrogating too closely other post modern discourses. The difficulty is that while post-modernity claims to be a sort of generalised critique of 
the world in fact it's used by intellectuals for the purposes of intellectuals and I'll try and articulate how that works, a little later on.