If the apparently derivative aspect of the Atlantides' Orichalc into 
mono-e-monoatomic could explain a Rohipnol suicide attempt during 
acclimating to accumulated air miles. The rub of that, would be currying 
favour a tad in the face of mother nature's inner earth maelstroms. In 
attempting to explain that this had something to do with the 'spinning 
around' motion sickness. As erstwhile edenic earth starts exhibiting a 
little concern over the centripetal force in hypercharge cocktail hashed up 
together for our conscientious objections directed towards the delusional 
cheap as chips expantionism propensitities throughout admixtures of Lyre 
strumming, fish-tailed right-wing female artistry. Meeting at the crossroads 
with left-wing male logicianship...overall hemp. For the purposes of exorcising 
the old death-wish demons. Abyssals upsetting the foundations of the earth, 
when they're banished back there. As a result of this, would it be any kind 
of surprise that an altercating magnetic storm borne upon politicised wills 
in the matter, within the eye spy game getting out of hand in giving its 
traits to the odious rule of an incredibly unspoken trend into stop and 
start vagaries of neighbours practicing policing each other. Has its work 
cut out in beginning to reiterate on the lines drawn between the proletariat 
and the bureaucrat. When this is bordering on the popular imagination lending 
itself to the most avid sci-fi novel, not newspaper, readership. And now 
tells people immersed in Japanime'd ciphers and codes concealed in backwards 
black and white comics bulging with reams of eastern-starred theoretical 
import [indoors]. That a 'lobby' bouillabasey scaly segmented onomatopoeic 
poetry in motion in monochrome transforms into a certain colourful reality 
right off the bat [outdoors]. So that, given this FAMINE period, they are 
probably more prone to be readily convinced this way. In going on to read 
the signs of the times. Although the thesis of some ancient schools - 
everything in the world is in flux and nothing in it persists or abides. 
Cannot be upheld as soon as one assumes the real existence of substances 
making gyroscope riding induced vertigo as the earth spins on around, all 
the more poignant for creampuff minded grass trailblazing hippies. After 
having taken such un-prescribed substances for the long term, to help a lot 
in gritting through complex 'stuff'. Yet their disunity of self-consciousness 
cannot be used to refute it.