The bamboozling outcome of strong affiliations between State Religion and Politics. Rewinding all the way back from the 
beginnings of the Third Reich, through the Weimar Republic to the Second Reich of Bismarck, the evidence - beyond rumours, 
of a certain calibre in thought processes of great thinkers who surfeited reasons of the ruling classes determining the 
nature of activities that were allowed in the Peasantry. Were manifold and well documented by the interested parties in an 
ongoing and expansive western philosophic tradition. There was a tendency with the likes of Georc Hegel and Immanuel Kant to 
profer certain why's and wheretofores about an individual's prudence in abnegating their 'human' wants and desires to the 
ordinances of an entity like the Prussian state.  Other than the type of Carreerism that had Nationalist Socialist Party 
fellows from a thoroughbred background in Literature of all sorts, at sundry times feeling jilted within the organizational 
dispensation for accepting powerful roles in an up and coming government. A surplus of Nazi documents being impounded in an 
American warehouse, and the wiliness and intrigueing steps taken in making certain very hard projects - feasible, (both 
sociologically and with the War Machine). May explain a lot about why the fundamental axioms of Nazism are to be seen 
embedded in certain aspects of both Republican and Democratic amendments to congressional policies & auxiliary agencies 
that are the 'power behind the throne', so to speak. One shouldn't be so surprised if they'd have found Germans and Americans 
working together especially after the Cold War. Where on earth did the V-2 rocket come from then? The Rus Sputniks 
spillunking into the Earth's outer orbit, was just a walk in the park was it? The US copied a lot from the Krauts, including 
the inhumane camps they interned Japanese and German Americans in, as it was wartime and these minorities went untrusted. 
Apart from officiated memoranda that exchanged hands before ending up in the Warehouse Project certain forthcoming adherents 
to the NSDAP modi-operandi (because of differences of opinion that caused infighting arisen from employing legalistic 
stratagems to attain power, and the ongoing embarrassment from the top brass when all the brutish street gangs wouldn't put 
a sock in it, revolutionary meat heads as they were... looking for a civil war). Like Goebbels, kept copious entries in a 
diary. As a matter of fact, made a kind of art of it. Entries as to what went on easily show how the basic hatred for what 
negated the efforts of fighters in the eleventh hour (month even?), in the Great War... of the Triple Alliance soldiers. 
Went on to spawn a demiurgic demagogue who had been through too much already (risk of being a cripple, potential blindness, 
dirty smelly urchins throwing insults at his artwork in the Vienna streets prior to these dangers). Only to have treachery 
foisted on both him and his newfoundling brothers in the German Army!