For starters, they had Merryl Streep in the role of a Cockney sort of Pankhurst throwback, but without the accent. 
That was a big time conservative middle class stiff-upper-lip thing. The film itself was dour and bleak enough in 
its atmosphere intending to reconnect our minds to a Turn of the 20th Century period in time, when appropriation of 
assets seemed to be the main game being played in Burroughs and Districts in any event against one's old Ball and 
Chain. To be candid, I don't think they quite managed to convey the actual violence perpetrated against women who 
were fighting for their human rights, before this film was released. It was eye candy nonsense under the script-written 
auspices of a gag reel like Mary Poppins. Here you have a pish posh Mother of the dynamic duo who won't take Governesses, 
whilst she is out waving banners and causing a big ruckus in the world of Men, but still to a greater extent essentially 
a subservient wife. A longsuffering Bobby on the Beat bringing wayward children back to their home address is in 
contrast to the Police brutality condoned by the fat heads in White Hall. Who wouldn't take such demands as voting at 
the same age as men and keeping their wages in their own pocket (not their husband's) seriously. Not until a Suffragette 
went to the Royal Ascot races and threw herself under the trampling hooves of a dappled Andalusian thing, did it begin 
to affect the SYSTEM. Other than using an over-awed M.S & gentrification into this elite family of Marylebone St being 
mis-accentuated, I think the girls bearing testimony to how they knew someone who worked in an (old fashioned) laundromat 
& eventually took seriously ill and died because of working in the bit where one had to breathe in all the airborne 
reagents used mostly for all the dry cleaning. And she's telling these big-wigs late by proxy through her fellow 
factory worker friend, because her husband has made her face look like a slapped arse for being in tow or merely 
having sympathies with this woman's movement. It's the way the men deliberate in Parliament basically to no end. She 
has her boy taken away from her, forced to live with a friend because of these activities. Lot of Bull administered 
her at the workplace before she's let go by the top brass, and it's certainly no help that her husband's tapped into 
all the gossip circles since he works there too. It was all too real. You should watch it. Suffragette. If certain 
pikestaff welding nutters in charge of unionized resistance and gobsmack results at home (yes, the manager did look 
more like a blacksmith than a starched Eton collar en-masse proprietor), didn't have their hands ironed by the heroine 
of the movie. I seriously doubt if I could have gotten the gist of things the way that I did.