What of the systemic Charlie Parker Bluesy tones and the relative associated MUZAK that was begotten into
the Metal Blade extrapolates otherwise known as ZINES, later on after the Woodstock acid tests of lead 
soloing invited the New Wave of British Heavy Metal's more obscure Welsh groups - like Budgie. Into the 
typified EP owners of demos hierarchy in Punk Rock parlance, which is (if you like), a basically classicist
distinction of being an influence peddler. On record? Nervus Probandi orientated arias localised within the 
Scandinavian and Norwegian habitues of harder driven apolitical nuances in guttural lyrics and so forth are 
news to anyone pixie-ish enough with a melancholia to suit the Drop-D turgid tuning into distorted devilry.
Universitatis Committeeatum E.Pluribus Unum HALLS are where (during the very early part of the 21st century)
people who weren't privy to a circling knowledge base mainly from the Kerrang mags, thought they had to go 
in for revisionist admixtures like Jazz Metal. Only they didn't know about Miles Davis going off the rails
with these free-for-alls, when things used to be so measured and timely. And it's harder for vocalists any
way to pick apart enough dissonances caveated through para-mneumonic intonations, unless they are denizens 
of pure Maths from a past life where they could drive schtick and shoot intermittently between propellers
as a member of the Luftwaffe. There were hangers-on going after Neoclassical music that sounded like the 
post-punk spin-off a.k.a GOTH, had embellished its Nether Witch's deadly beauty imagery in song with playing
lead guitar. Think, diminished chords on alternate tunings where sevenths and ninths carry smoothly over 
from the root, and then the next octaves that jibe with jazzy crossovers are neutered with power chords that
have a Neapolitan flavour, interspersed with specified Locrian modes. What substances do C.P Lee musicians
who read a lot of continental philosophy use - to not look uncomfortable in their own skin? The promoter of
these great shows invited the Bay Area Thrash Heads to Ruthies (An early 30's Blues and Jazz venue where all
the big names like Ella Fitzgerald etc could show off all their music and stuff). West Robinson of East Bay
booked Exodus' first show, this became their venue. The genuine articles hated the poseurs, threatened to 
kill them if they ever crossed paths in the premises. Los Angeles Hairspray Glamour Queens draped in armour
a touch mediaeval (vambrace spikes on spandex and eyeliner) versus Street Fighters in leather and denim.  