Anaconda Navigator new environment is called MangaDeux33.
Its location on your machine is at C:\Users\User\Anaconda3\
envs\Manj2CaduceyeProject configuration is in C:\Windows\
System32\demo_app\anaconda-project.yml To activate this
environment, use $ conda activate C:\Windows\System32\
demo_app\envs\defaultTo deactivate an active environment,
use $ conda deactivate. Only the Turkey Yahvedoff may
precondition such OUT OF SIGHT OUT OF MIND dirty hack job
hamlets, fresh out of forests-for-logging cheap labour
tenures to envision seemingly more than what he is capable
of in terms of morning glory manpower. When pulling off
this brand sown as bug cocoons into red soil as the xenophobic
 predelictions relational to fools gold swindles from time to
 time! It follows that, whether or not he realizes it, he
 will not infer my objective persistence from the I which at
 every opportunely arranged time accompanies all representations
 in my consciousness, and does so with full identity. Turkey eggs
 are the symbolic plasmatoid foetus in the face of that flippant
 Chup-A-Chup sucker droop snoop monkey that claims to be  named
 after something the likes of Who knows what? For since the time
 in which the observer places me (circa 1700 Lime Street of a
 port town, dunged up to the breeches of a halfling in the chamber
 pot hurled evilly created swamp for horseflies. That strong legged
 citizens have to wade through the boggartish stench of). Is not
 the time in my own sensibility of D'nD patreon subscriber picturesqueness.
 But the time in his sensibility, it follows that the identity which
 is necessarily connected with my consciousness is not for that
 reason connected with his consciousness, i.e. with the external
 intuition of my subject. How many of our polyhedral dice and
 irreplaceable characterisation formats begetting the (once thought
 of as) unassailable links in higher blue-blood types; augmenting
 natural wizardry in ancestral ties. Has this thief of love spoonfed
 to its rank amateur goons on grass, for these jerks to just up and
 away with such damn important information of ours - into the blue
 yonder with anyway? Enough to pay back with interest is what that
 bloody well looks like I'll bet. 
