All one needs to be aware for now is that there is a big shot entrepreneur who a lot of people are raving about as the planets richest pipe-dreamer of Terraforming on Mars. (To begin with, before the conquest of planets beyond the solar system becomes both feasible and possible. DISCOVERY OF WARP SPEED!! He doesnt believe in God, but likes making some infrequent agnostic statement of how Homo Sapiens can be gods unto themselves. It doesnt surprise me too much in the beginning third decade of the 21st century, that the mesospheric otherworldly jaunts intrinsic to therapeutic and homeopathic qualities of microcosmic machine metaphors useful to Archimedes parametric postulates of Universe-building. Should be so posited by this charming rich man, whose Ruthenian looking face looks like its beaming with extra-concatenated ascetics. So that the TUBE much seems to relish the young-guns-go ambience, of the [cash poor] billionaire stock brokers dicey daring on a petering out conflated level of sensationalizing what so happens to go on digitally with foreign (and not so) exchange rates of the world stage. As for the aesthetic principle of using Tin Machine in odd and certainly prurient films about Nikola Tesla. For all the schismatic furor that can be brought out over Circus Freak exploitation movies, Hugh Jackman should be savvy enough alongside Christian Bale in a reparatory flick, (using that term in the context that they have the trick of killing off their characters multiple times, and coming back! As pedants in a rat race to end all Rat Races. Where primary & runner-up positions are granted these two in light of their penury and trickery). And they both have altogether taken on the mantle of roles, (one can tell by how accent and meter may in time determine what side of the fence, film-buff augurs will tend to lean on, which accounts for any fragmentary dead giveaways pursuant to method acting fill in all the corners before such a show. stops. What REALM do the powers that be want one to belie the time enough with an over-active imagination based in themselves. Is it the rubric so effortlessly conceptualized in the hyperbolae of a specie-aeterni immemorial type of teleological function, of synaptic firing for the left brain to hmm, well - blithely walk away with? If one tends to eulogize the cathartic element of some kind of victory parade in excelsis at the outro of some Noir Film segment? Recorded hyper-real yet conflated to the historicity which has been slightly confused. How is it that pair a couple of rival metaphysical magi living in a London far from Laissez Faire find themselves in an unwieldy discourse? And why pick the popstar and painter with the apnea eye didnt resemble the obdurate tortured artist of cogs and gears? Marine-Corps Bowie Knife wielding patterns of Psycho, figuring in on an infomercial (if one happens to be seeing this high art on TV)? Dont let the Bilge Rat grind one down. Yes, thats the very one who is stupid enough to go about in your typical white bread suburbia looking for a girl, aged nine years. To prize off her skin like potato peels, upon the serrated edge of his weapon of choice! Absolute banality in an age of pure irremediable perdition! (Excuse the digression, but this sort of thing tends to happen on channels which allow adverts to butt in  about new-fangled celebrity Axe Murderers. And post two absolute giants of the genre (which if one has half the mind, one will go and pick up the DVD and screen either Bridge on the river Kwai OR The Guns of Navarone. Nearly always detectable in the quaint patterns of speech they use, which tend to brush off War as some sort of glorious game. How can they talk so Sweet Tongued in a detrimental pilloried backlot strikes me as a trifle odd. If only smart pills had been latterly seen as what M.P was talking about.