We may then imagine a whole series of substances such as the Graeco-Roman aperitiff (which is ignited and then 
un-flambe'd for extra daring Evel Kneivel flavonoids to pass through the barricades of slurring punch drunken 
boxing audacity for verbal power plays to do with REAL POLITIC, straight into the other Aniseedy Anazetta 2nd 
cousin of the strong dark wine). For Dionysian artificer revels in tow to not veto being unlettered as a sign of 
true skill. Otherwise we may as well wait for all the alters of Bi Polar pundits amongst them to have their 'closed 
circuit' [& squared] window-to-the-soul shutters be arranged diametrically to the Wunderkind slides about differing 
levels of pupil dilation. For futuresque retinal blanching-of-cones, as the selfsame are just as equally thought 
to be in a chemical brother's cannibal corpse daydream. Units of refraction psycling these charged particles are 
later colour coded into nice crystalware (QUARTZ in short), via the foolproof mass spectroscopy caveat. On the very 
same sleek-looking obsidian obelisk of self-aggrandised cubism LAWS. And then see whether Latin or Greek was more 
effective in Agrippa's summoning of 4th Dimensional blood rain (A-B+) and associated pheremones of SOMA, into a 3-D 
through being glass eyed, holographic rendition of a whirling dervish possessed by the Muse enough to be mistakenly 
thought to be drunk on Rhode Island Iced Teas. One can veer this way and that with opinionation about what 
constitutes being 'drunk' in the spirit. Which, by the same token - would have propagandised near-insurgent like 
presentiments for the Frankfurt Old School. They were initially thought to have been responsible for the assassination 
of Archduke Franz Ferdinand. So I'm assuming that these 'Students of Natural Science' weren't on the whole thought 
to be teetotalling lightweights by the provincials of Kallingrad and Prague. So there's little wonder that they'd 
not take too kindly to street performers who could promise full German Citizenship to exchange pupils, around back-alleys. 
'Reinventing' themselves as hotching-potcher (dirt cheap) characters from the Ho-Chi-Min story. Banking on the 
gullibility of dogmatic upbringings to hedge bets on outmoded spineless superstition from these areas of kabbalistic 
numerology's relationship to astrologically housed Kether ethers. When Canis Minor goaded Fu-Man-Chu's court astrologers 
into invading Russia. Didn't exactly make a dog's dinner of it either. Maybe courtesy of strong hints from the 
turned upside down (spatially and temporally) Tree of the knowledge of good and evil tattooed on his old lady's 
backside! And make such irrelevantly theosophised painstaked lettering, similar to Alphabetty pasta - into this 
'All You can Eat' fiasco. Now we can see how easy it is to stir up sanctimonious bigots' expletive thoughts of 
animal testing (to check whether they can talk) into stress filled goop for supper upon the tender mercies of our 
nonplussed dumb waiter. For money sucking dunces to shovel the blame away from themselves onto 'something' else, 
and all this allowed seemingly, by the general assent of a lopsided committee.